

Per Jim's request, below is the text of the simple Bingaman reliability language for everyone's review.

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Nersesian, Carin  
Sent:	Thursday, October 11, 2001 11:11 AM
To:	Shelk, John
Subject:	Bingaman reliability draft language

SEC. 410.   ELECTRIC RELIABILITY STANDARDS.
Part II of the Federal Power Act is further amended by adding at the end the following:
ASEC. 215. ELECTRIC RELIABILITY STANDARDS.
A(a) DUTY OF THE COMMISSION.B The Commission shall establish and enforce a system of mandatory electric reliability standards to ensure the reliable operation of the interstate transmission system, which shall be applicable toB 
A(1) any entity that sells, purchases, or transmits, electric energy using the interstate transmission system, and
A(2) any entity that owns, operates, or maintains facilities that are a part of the interstate transmission system.
A(b) USE OF NORTH AMERICAN ELECTRIC RELIABILITY COUNCIL STANDARDS.B   In carrying out its responsibilities under subsection (a), the Commission may adopt and enforce, in whole or in part, a standard proposed or adopted by the North American Electric Reliability Council.
A(c) MONITORING COMPLIANCE.B In carrying out its responsibilities under subsection (a), the Commission may defer to the North American Electric Reliability Council or a regional transmission organization to ensure the reliable operation of the interstate transmission system and to monitor and enforce compliance of the members of the North American Electric Reliability Council or a regional transmission organization with electric reliability standards of the Commission.
A(c) DEFINITIONS .B   For purposes of this section:
A(1) The term >interstate transmission system= means facilities used for the transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce.
A(2) The term >reliability= means the ability of the interstate transmission system to supply the aggregate electric demand and energy requirements of electricity consumers at all times and the ability of the system to withstand sudden disturbances.@.
